Added link to coverage report (#227)
eclipse-theia/theia-website: src/docs/extensions.md

## VS Code Extensions

> VS Code extensions are the popular mechanism to extend VS Code with new language support and other features. VS Code extensions are simple to develop and they have access to a defined and restricted API. VS Code extensions can be pre-installed (built in), but also installed at runtime (e.g. by the user). Eclipse Theia provides the same extension API as VS Code, so extensions are compatible. Therefore, to develop your own extension, please refer to the [VS Code extension documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/api). Please also refer to this [coverage report](https://theia-ide.org/docs/extensions/#vs-code-extensions), highlighting which API of VS Code is covered by Theia.

Reviewer: Did you mean to link to the coverage report? The current link is to the section itself.

```suggestion
VS Code extensions are the popular mechanism to extend VS Code with new language support and other features. VS Code extensions are simple to develop and they have access to a defined and restricted API. VS Code extensions can be pre-installed (built in), but also installed at runtime (e.g. by the user). Eclipse Theia provides the same extension API as VS Code, so extensions are compatible. Therefore, to develop your own extension, please refer to the [VS Code extension documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/api). Please also refer to this [coverage report](https://che-incubator.github.io/vscode-theia-comparator/status.html), highlighting which API of VS Code is covered by Theia.
```

Author: Yes, of course (facepalm)
